<<<<<<< Updated upstream
org/judy/silentkiosk/common/entity/QBaseEntity.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.common.entity.QBaseEntity
org/judy/silentkiosk/common/entity/BaseEntity.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.common.entity.BaseEntity
org/judy/silentkiosk/SilentkioskApplication.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.SilentkioskApplication
org/judy/silentkiosk/ServletInitializer.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.ServletInitializer
=======
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/entity/Kiosk.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.Kiosk
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.Kiosk$KioskBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/entity/Order.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.Order
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.Order$OrderBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/test/SilentKioskApplication.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.test.SilentKioskApplication
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/entity/QOrder.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.QOrder
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/Store.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.Store
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.Store$StoreBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/QStore.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.QStore
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/entity/QKiosk.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.QKiosk
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/entity/QOrderMenu.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.QOrderMenu
<<<<<<< Updated upstream
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/entity/OrderMenu.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.OrderMenu
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.OrderMenu$OrderMenuBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/StoreTopping.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.StoreTopping
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.StoreTopping$StoreToppingBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/QStoreMenu.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.QStoreMenu
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/repository/StoreRepository.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.repository.StoreRepository
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/repository/ToppingRepository.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.repository.ToppingRepository
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/StoreMenu.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.StoreMenu
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.StoreMenu$StoreMenuBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/QMenuTopping.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.QMenuTopping
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/entity/OrderTopping.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.OrderTopping
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.OrderTopping$OrderToppingBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/entity/QOrderTopping.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.QOrderTopping
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/MenuTopping.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.MenuTopping
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.MenuTopping$MenuToppingBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/QStoreTopping.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.QStoreTopping
=======
org/judy/silentkiosk/test/entity/QTestOrder.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.test.entity.QTestOrder
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/StoreTopping.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.StoreTopping
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.StoreTopping$StoreToppingBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/test/dto/OrderDTO.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.test.dto.OrderDTO
 org.judy.silentkiosk.test.dto.OrderDTO$OrderDTOBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/QStoreMenu.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.QStoreMenu
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/entity/QKiosk.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.QKiosk
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/entity/QOrderTopping.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.QOrderTopping
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/socket/controller/ChatController.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.socket.controller.ChatController
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/MenuTopping.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.MenuTopping
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.MenuTopping$MenuToppingBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/Store.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.Store
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.Store$StoreBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/test/service/OrderServiceImpl.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.test.service.OrderServiceImpl
org/judy/silentkiosk/test/entity/TestOrder.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.test.entity.TestOrder
 org.judy.silentkiosk.test.entity.TestOrder$TestOrderBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/dto/OrderDTO.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.dto.OrderDTO
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.dto.OrderDTO$OrderDTOBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/entity/OrderMenu.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.OrderMenu
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.OrderMenu$OrderMenuBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/repository/StoreRepository.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.repository.StoreRepository
org/judy/silentkiosk/common/entity/BaseEntity.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.common.entity.BaseEntity
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/socket/listener/WebSocketEventListener.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.socket.listener.WebSocketEventListener
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/StoreMenu.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.StoreMenu
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.StoreMenu$StoreMenuBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/socket/model/MessageType.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.socket.model.MessageType
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/dto/ToppingDTO.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.dto.ToppingDTO
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.dto.ToppingDTO$ToppingDTOBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/socket/config/WebSocketConfig.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.socket.config.WebSocketConfig
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/socket/model/ChatMessage.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.socket.model.ChatMessage
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.socket.model.ChatMessage$ChatMessageBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/test/service/OrderService.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.test.service.OrderService
org/judy/silentkiosk/SilentkioskApplication.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.SilentkioskApplication
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/QStoreTopping.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.QStoreTopping
org/judy/silentkiosk/common/entity/QBaseEntity.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.common.entity.QBaseEntity
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/controller/TestController.java
 org.judy.silent_kiosk.controller.TestController
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/QMenuTopping.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.QMenuTopping
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/entity/QStore.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.entity.QStore
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/dto/OrderMenuDTO.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.dto.OrderMenuDTO
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.dto.OrderMenuDTO$OrderMenuDTOBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/order/entity/OrderTopping.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.OrderTopping
 org.judy.silentkiosk.order.entity.OrderTopping$OrderToppingBuilder
org/judy/silentkiosk/test/controller/TestController.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.test.controller.TestController
org/judy/silentkiosk/test/ServletInitializer.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.test.ServletInitializer
org/judy/silentkiosk/ServletInitializer.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.ServletInitializer
org/judy/silentkiosk/store/repository/MenuRepository.java
 org.judy.silentkiosk.store.repository.MenuRepository
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
